hi i wrote a new book and i hope you
hate it
and it's out now and it's new and i hope
you hate it
it's called geometry for ocelots this is
an ocelot
if you weren't aware they're nice aren't
they so here's the deal
very quickly it's set in a balkan
universe in the deep deep future
chronicling a war between two siblings
as they build their own empires
the sister a living deity and the
brother are fairly deranged scientists
and the ideological conflict that ensues
i really don't know how to do trailers
for books what do you even show
look words it's got words [ __ ] loads
of them a
it's a 2 000 year family saga in essence
there's animal gods and space battles
and zero gravity drinking competitions
i've always loved magical realism and
i've been waiting for someone to do
magical scientism
i guess and i got bored of waiting so
this is my attempt
it's basically a love letter to my three
favorite things
buddhist mythology bulgaria and
depression it's just come out on amazon
as an ebook
there's a link below and a paperback
should be out fairly shortly also i'll
let you know
then hopefully a hardback and an
audiobook i'm
sorry i've been half-assing it for the
last year or so on youtube
it's just i got obsessed with this story
and i wanted to get it right and it took
a bit of thinking and
i've been waiting to share it with you
for almost three years now so i'm very
very excited to finally be doing so
thank you to patreon folks you should
have a link to it already
and to those of you who are kind enough
to wait for this one just thank you very
very much i really hope the wait was
worth it this is the longest and i'd
mutually say
weirdest thing i've ever done and about
15 kilos and several breakdowns later i
just
yeah i hope you like it and if you don't
then sorry
i guess but that's what you get for
buying self-promoted books on youtube
let that be a lesson to you
no but seriously thanks and yes and
bye and thanks